Summary: The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) has created the Philippine Academy of Information and Communications Technology (ICT Academy) to: The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) is hereby established as a body corporate to be known as: The Philippine Information Network (IGN) and all networks interconnected to and interoperable with it, the Philippine Information Database, the Public Service Directory, the portals, and websites: The chairman and members of the board of directors of the Philippine Information and Communications Technology Institute (ICTI) may from time to time be found guilty of any of the following: a. The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) Academy shall collect donations and fees from the public for the purpose of its operations. President Benigno Aquino III has signed into law the Philippine Information and Communications Technology (ICT) Act of 2010. The Philippine Institute of Legal Counsel (PILC) is hereby established as a public corporation under the laws of the Philippines for the purpose of: The Philippine International Bank Corporation is hereby established as a corporation under the laws of the Philippines and its by-laws, and is governed by the following: The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) of the Philippines is hereby established as the "Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) of the Philippines." The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) has created the Department of Information and Communications Technology Development Corporation (DIC). The Philippine Information and Communications Technology Corporation (PICT) has been established under Republic Act (RA) 9165 or the Information and Communications Technology Act of the Philippines. The Philippine Information and Communications Technology Act of 2010 provides for the following: The Department of the Interior and Local Government (DILG) hereby sets out the following: The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) is charged with: The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) shall: a. Harmonize and coordinate all national ICT plans and initiatives to ensure knowledge, information and resource-sharing, database-building, and agency networking linkages among government agencies, consistent with E-Government objectives in particular The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) is hereby established as the Department of Information and Communications Technology of the Philippines. The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) is hereby established to: a. - All applications and/or requests submitted through the portal shall be acted upon by the assigned officer or employee within five working days from the date the request or application was received. All government offices and agencies which provide frontline services are hereby mandated to establish and maintain measures to ensure that such services are accessible and capable of delivery to the public through the online public service portal. The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) shall: a. President Rodrigo Duterte has signed into law the E-Governance Act of 2017. The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) has established the Department of Public Information and Communications Technology (DICT) Center for Citizen Complaints. The following is a summary of the provisions of the Philippine government's website and e-bulletin board law. This Act is hereby signed into law by the President of the United States. The Center for Citizen Complaints and Grievances of the Department of the Interior and Local Government (DILG) is hereby established as follows: We, the members of the House of Representatives, would like to express our sincere gratitude to the President of the United States, Barack Obama, for signing into law the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. It is time for the Philippine government to move from paper-based services to digital services. The Department of the Interior and Local Government (DILG) has issued the following rules on the online delivery of public services:
Stances: ['development faculty', 'ict development', 'developing updating', 'ict counseling', 'ict trainings']
